What a handsome face
No wonder you charged me so much money.
Okay, from now on
You can ask Ming Yueqing'er to do it
Get dressed up
You can list for pick-up tonight.
Ok mom wang
Guan Mai Jack
This is Qinglong
You already know that you have been sold to the Azure Dragon
You should be obedient
Otherwise, I have a thousand ways to make you sleep well
Look at this mother Wang
I must not be the only one who is Princess Chu
If they knew who I was
Maybe because of fear of being discovered by the royal family
And silence me
before the time
You can only hide your identity first.
Find a way to escape
What are you thinking about?
Are you thinking of escaping?
I'll tell you what.
I've seen a lot of chaste women
But when you arrive at Yixiangyuan, you have to accept guests obediently
I advise you.
You better not overdo it.
Be careful of losing your life
Mother Wang knows medical skills
I will still be in business
As long as you don't let me list for pick-up
I will bring you more benefits.
Hahaha, you are a woman who was sold to a brothel.
It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
It's easy to deceive you to be my mother wang
Mother Wang, I am already in your hands.
There is no need to tell such a lie that can be broken with one poke
You know if it's true or not.
I really don't cry without seeing the coffin
Come on, take him to Fang Ting's room
Let him see it in my Yi
The end of Xiangyuan's disobedience
Mother Wang
Miss Fangting has the disease of flowers and willows
What if it spreads to Mingyue girl?
Don't worry, I asked the doctor.
Although this flower willow disease is terrible
But as long as you don't defend against it
It's not contagious.
My mother just scared him
Just wait and see.
It won't be long before he relents